A tale of two docker tutorials: Increasing the emphasis that workers are an optional alternative to .serve() in the tutorials (#10861)
PrefectHQ/prefect: docs/tutorial/workers.md

Workers and work pools bridge the Prefect orchestration layer with the infrastructure the flows are actually executed on. 

!!! tip "[Choosing Between workers and `flow.serve()`](/concepts/deployments/#two-approaches-to-deployments)"

>     The earlier section discussed the `flow.serve()` approach. For many use cases, `flow.serve()` is sufficient to meet scheduling and orchestration needs. Workers and work pools are **optional**. Just remember, if infrastructure needs escalate, workers and work pools can become a handy tool. The best part? You're not locked into one method. You can seamlessly combine approaches as needed. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    The earlier section discussed the `serve` approach. For many use cases, `serve` is sufficient to meet scheduling and orchestration needs. Workers and work pools are **optional**. Just remember, if infrastructure needs escalate, workers and work pools can become a handy tool. The best part? You're not locked into one method. You can seamlessly combine approaches as needed. 
```

    
!!! note "Deployment definition methods differ slightly for workers"

>     If you choose to use worker-based execution, **the way you define deployments will be slightly different:** deployments for workers will be configured using Prefect's CLI and a `prefect.yaml` file, as detailed below. A serve deployment cannot be submitted to a worker, and vice versa.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    If you choose to use worker-based execution, the way you define deployments will be different. Deployments for workers are configured through the Prefect CLI with `prefect deploy`.  A deployment created with `serve` cannot be submitted to a worker.
```

The primary reason to use workers and work pools is for __dynamic infrastructure provisioning and configuration__. 

> For example, you might have a workflow that has expensive infrastructure requirements and is only run infrequently. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For example, you might have a workflow that has expensive infrastructure requirements and is run infrequently. 
```

> In this case, you don't want an idle process running within that infrastructure. Instead, you can use a lightweight _worker_ to dynamically provision the infrastructure only when a run of that workflow is ready to be executed.  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In this case, you don't want an idle process running within that infrastructure. Instead, use a lightweight _worker_ to dynamically provision the infrastructure only when the workflow is scheduled to run.  
```

    subgraph your_infra["Your Execution Environment"]
        worker["Worker"]
				subgraph flow_run_infra[Flow Run Infra]
					flow_run_a(("Flow Run A"))
				end

>                 subgraph flow_run_infra_2[Flow Run Infra]

Author: In the diagram, I add another flow run to emphasize that each flow run has its own infra.

    worker --> |creates| flow_run_infra
```

> !!! note "Security Note"

Author: Moved this to the deployment page of the tutorials since its generally true of our deployment interface and not just a feature of workers and work pools.

> <sup>Notice above that the worker is in charge of provisioning the _flow run infra_. In context of this tutorial, the worker will spin up an ephemeral docker image to host each flow run. Different [worker types](/concepts/work-pools/#worker-types) can create different types of flow run infrastructure.</sup>

Author: This is what I say out loud to people when I walk them through the diagram and it always helps get an aha out of them.

    worker --> |polls| work_pool
    worker --> |creates| flow_run_infra
    worker --> |creates| flow_run_infra_2
```

> <sup>Notice above that the worker is in charge of provisioning the _flow run infra_. In context of this tutorial, that flow run infra is an ephemeral Docker container to host each flow run. Different [worker types](/concepts/work-pools/#worker-types)  create different types of flow run infrastructure.</sup>

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
<sup>Notice above that the worker is in charge of provisioning the _flow run infrastructure_. In context of this tutorial, that flow run infrastructure is an ephemeral Docker container to host each flow run. Different [worker types](/concepts/work-pools/#worker-types)  create different types of flow run infrastructure.</sup>
```

> <sup>Notice above that the worker is in charge of provisioning the _flow run infra_. In context of this tutorial, that flow run infra is an ephemeral docker container to host each flow run. Different [worker types](/concepts/work-pools/#worker-types) can create different types of flow run infrastructure.</sup>

Author: This is what i say to people when I walk them through the diagram and it usually results in an aha moment from them.

> <sup>Notice above that the worker is in charge of provisioning the _flow run infra_. In context of this tutorial, that flow run infra is an ephemeral docker container to host each flow run. Different [worker types](/concepts/work-pools/#worker-types) can create different types of flow run infrastructure.</sup>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<sup>Notice above that the worker is in charge of provisioning the _flow run infra_. In context of this tutorial, that flow run infra is an ephemeral Docker container to host each flow run. Different [worker types](/concepts/work-pools/#worker-types)  create different types of flow run infrastructure.</sup>
```

Using the **Docker** work pool type means that all work sent to this work pool will run within a dedicated Docker container using a Docker client available to the worker.

!!! tip "Other work pool types"

>     There are [work pool types](/concepts/work-pools/#worker-types) for all major managed code execution platforms, such as Kubernetes services or serverless computing environments such as AWS ECS, Azure Container Instances, and GCP Cloud Run.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    There are [work pool types](/concepts/work-pools/#worker-types) for serverless computing environments such as AWS ECS, Azure Container Instances, and GCP Cloud Run. Kubernetes is also a popular type of work pool.
```

6. **Image name (my-first-deployment):** Hit `Enter` to use the default image name.
7. **Image tag (latest):** Hit `Enter` to use the default image tag `latest`.
8. **Would you like to push this image to a remote registry? (y/n):** Select `n` for now; we can keep this image local.

> 9. **Would you like to save configuration for this deployment for faster deployments in the future? (y/n):** Select `y` to initiate a `prefect.yaml` file.

Author: Really think saving the deployment config helps people feel more grounded as they build their first deployment.

Upon examining the auto-generated `prefect.yaml`, you'll notice that the parameters for your deployment mirror the values you provided to the deployment creation wizard:

```yaml
build:
- prefect_docker.deployments.steps.build_docker_image:
    requires: prefect-docker>=0.3.1
    id: build-image
    dockerfile: auto
    image_name: docker-user/deployment-image
    tag: latest

deployments:
- name: my-deployment
  version: null
  tags: []
  description: null
  entrypoint: my_flow.py:get_repo_info
  parameters: {}
  work_pool:
    name: my-docker-pool
    work_queue_name: null
    job_variables:
      image: '{{ build-image.image }}' ## Resultant image from the build action
  schedule: null
```

The `job_variables` section allows you to fine-tune the infrastructure settings for a specific deployment. These values override default values in the specified work pool's [base job template](/concepts/work-pools/#base-job-template).

It's worth noting that the `prefect.yaml` also supports [referencing dynamic values](/guides/prefect-deploy/#templating-options). You can see that our deployment references the Docker image produced from the build action above.

> To sidestep potential errors when pulling images locally (e.g., docker.errors.NotFound errors), it's recommended to include an `image_pull_policy` job_variable that specifies `'Never'`:

Author: Related: https://github.com/PrefectHQ/prefect/issues/10862

Talking about `prefect.yaml` in the tutorial was considered too advanced previously, but now that we have .serve() it may make sense to include this section since the people who get to this point likely have more complex infra needs?

We could avoid adding this modification section if we instruct them to push to and pull from dockerhub -- or we could change the default value of the work pool -- just depends on if we like this new addition to the tutorial.

Reviewer 2: I think this is good, the only suggestion I have is to emphasize that this is only when testing locally without pushing the image anywhere; for production workflows it's recommended to push images to a registry.

Something like:
"To sidestep potential errors when testing images locally without pushing them to a registry, it is recommended..."

Author: I put this:

The `job_variables` section allows you to fine-tune the infrastructure settings for a specific deployment. These values override default values in the specified work pool's [base job template](/concepts/work-pools/#base-job-template).

When testing images locally without pushing them to a registry (to avoid potential errors like docker.errors.NotFound), it's recommended to include an `image_pull_policy` job_variable set to `Never`. However, for production workflows, always consider pushing images to a remote registry for more reliability and accessibility.

Here's how you can easily set the `image_pull_policy` to be `Never` for this tutorial deployment without affecting the default value set on your work pool:

```yaml
    job_variables:
      image: '{{ build-image.image }}'
      image_pull_policy: 'Never' ## New Line Here
```

7. **Image tag (latest):** Hit `Enter` to use the default image tag `latest`.
8. **Would you like to push this image to a remote registry? (y/n):** Select `n` for now; we can keep this image local.
9. **Would you like to save configuration for this deployment for faster deployments in the future? (y/n):** Select `y` to initiate a `prefect.yaml` file.

!!! tip "Disable interactive mode"
    You can disable the `prefect deploy` command's interactive prompts by passing in the `--no-prompt` flag, e.g. `prefect --no-prompt deploy -n my-deployment-name`. Alternatively, you can enable it by passing in the `--prompt` flag. This can be used for all `prefect` commands. To disable interactive mode for all `prefect` commands, set the `PREFECT_CLI_PROMPT` setting to 0.

Prefect will now build a custom Docker image containing your workflow code that the worker can use to dynamically spawn Docker containers whenever this workflow needs to run. 

### Modify the deployment

If you selected `y` on the last prompt to save configuration, you should see a new `prefect.yaml` file appear. This file will allow you to easily modify and define multiple deployments for this repo.

> The [`prefect.yaml`](/guides/prefect-deploy/#managing-deployments) file not only holds settings for various deployments but can also contain instructions that help set up the execution environment for your flow runs. In the context of this tutorial, we employ a [build action](/guides/prefect-deploy/#the-build-action) to create Docker images that the worker can use as it containerizes your flow runs.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The [`prefect.yaml`](/guides/prefect-deploy/#managing-deployments) file not only holds settings for various deployments but can also contain instructions that help set up the execution environment for your flow runs. In the context of this tutorial, we employ a [build action](/guides/prefect-deploy/#the-build-action) to create a Docker image that the worker will use when running your flow.
```

  parameters: {}
  work_pool:
    name: my-docker-pool
    work_queue_name: null
    job_variables:
      image: '{{ build-image.image }}' ## Resultant image from the build action
  schedule: null
```

The `job_variables` section allows you to fine-tune the infrastructure settings for a specific deployment. These values override default values in the specified work pool's [base job template](/concepts/work-pools/#base-job-template).

It's worth noting that the `prefect.yaml` also supports [referencing dynamic values](/guides/prefect-deploy/#templating-options). You can see that our deployment references the Docker image produced from the build action above.

To sidestep potential errors when pulling images locally (e.g., docker.errors.NotFound errors), it's recommended to include an `image_pull_policy` job_variable that specifies `'Never'`:

```yaml
  work_pool:
    name: local-docker
    work_queue_name: null
    job_variables:
      image: '{{ build-image.image }}'
      image_pull_policy: 'Never' ## New Line Here
  schedule: null
```

To register this update to your deployment's parameters with Prefect's API, run:

```bash
prefect deploy --name my-deployment
```

> Now everything is set up for us to submit a flow-run to the Work Pool:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Now everything is set up for us to submit a flow-run to the work pool:
```

    job_variables:
      image: '{{ build-image.image }}' ## Resultant image from the build action
  schedule: null
```

It's worth noting that the `prefect.yaml` supports [referencing dynamic values](/guides/prefect-deploy/#templating-options). You can see that our deployment references the Docker image produced from the build action above.

The `job_variables` section allows you to fine-tune the infrastructure settings for a specific deployment. These values override default values in the specified work pool's [base job template](/concepts/work-pools/#base-job-template).

When testing images locally without pushing them to a registry (to avoid potential errors like docker.errors.NotFound), it's recommended to include an `image_pull_policy` job_variable set to `Never`. However, for production workflows, always consider pushing images to a remote registry for more reliability and accessibility.

Here's how you can easily set the `image_pull_policy` to be `Never` for this tutorial deployment without affecting the default value set on your work pool:

```yaml
  work_pool:
    name: local-docker
    work_queue_name: null
    job_variables:
      image: '{{ build-image.image }}'

>       image_pull_policy: 'Never' ## New Line Here

Reviewer 2: you can highlight this using `hl=6` on the yaml specification if you'd like

Author: made that update!
